# Too many things attempted
why dont I stop self reflecting and making art instead. the rest
is less important.

I have been bouncing back and forth a lot. Struggling a bit to keep in control.
There is a lot going on but I am tired from low sleep and switching back and forth
a lot. My bag is pretty heavy most of the time. Carring around a laptop with an
intent to use it some time, is a big pain in the butt because its so big and
heavy.

What are some of the few things I want to do and how can I do them. I keep
writing to myself. At this point its mostly to myself to prevent myself from
forgetting what is going on and what I want to do. Its really hard to keep do
the few things I want. Every new environment and group of people distracts me.
I have a really hard time focusing when there are people talking. Especially
If i am tried. But when I am left alone to focus and am well rested things tend
to work out much better. Typing out how I feel has a dualistic nature. its both
southing to write down what I am thinking and distressing to know that I am spending
this valuable eneregy self reflecting about casual events of my life. Its kind of
pointless to self reflect this much. Especially if I dont make changes to my life
that stick.

In the last couple months I feel like things have gotten worse. But They just
recently started to get better. I got to keep otimistic and trying.
I  neeed to spend time cleaning a little each day and after each project.
cleaning is a sense of editing, deleteing, and letting go of physical objects
and ideas. To be calm. To understand and to know that things will comeback to
me.Objects and ideas will not be lost for long. No matter how much I brush off or loose a good thing it will always return
to me when I am ready for it.

And so I am embarcing on a journy again. on a journey again. on and on.
