# Whats happening to me. I am think-bloating...
## Coding Seems to be getting me kind of stuck.
### Or I am getting me code stuck........
#### Its hard to tell for me whats going on
I am just going to take some time to write some words.
Some kind of a stream of conciousness type ordeal.
There are so many small todo things and big little scope problems I have.
Most of my code organizational skills seem to be unloaded. And I need to
spend some more recalling them and getting the hang of things again. Perhaps
its not a big deal. But I am not doing much of anything.... Even tying this
feels a bit strange. Like its some kind of busy work, to take my mind of off
things. I instead need to focus on The Drum program I want to make for the
teensy I need to unload the negative thoughts and self critizism I have for
myself and began to recall the original goals and visions I had for the
project.

## My days so far.
Have been challenging to stay on track. Simple I have been putting off
and tripping myself up. Also miss prioratizing activities.. Even now I
should be doing some coding. Organizing and planning the project. Whats
with all these extra periods. Having ADD helps....not me.

## LEDDrum for ToorCamp
There is going to be a box with 58 buttons representing the an english keyboard.
I want to make a music game for this hardware. Something like a wack-a-mole.
Would be really cool to make. I also want to make a drum set. So that every button
press triggers a sound and a pattern to play on the keyboard. Each keyboard key
has NeoPixel LEDs inside and is made of laser cut acrycl and wood.

For the Drum part there needs to be an Input object that reads the input mechanism
which will likely be a analog value. Possibily with a shield for reading all the inputs
and the sending data digitally to the teensy through some GPIO pins.


## So what needs to be done.

- inputClass
- inputModel


## Instead of Sad I need to Do more.
so tonight I am going to do more~~. I want to just do more pleasent things.
Well what I actually mean is that I want to do game development programming
instead of being sad. Right?? Thats the super logical thing to do. Work my self
I got those ideas into reality. Im super capable. I alo want to cook more. My
dearest friend Amalia has mud and confetti slung me. That means she ordered a
bunch of food for me after hearing that I had been declined foodstamps.

## Jim Snows Micro tonal keyboard
Cool polyphonic pressure sensative keyboard.


## Embracing ADD
I am kind of embracing the add and just loading lots of little bits of what I need
to do into my head. They are out of order and I keep task switching. But eventually
I have moments of intense concentration.

### 8-bit DJ-ing for ToorCamp
I can start to put together a playlist of music for toorCamp
with some sweet 8bit peoples tunes and some video game nastalga music

### Component Pattern
Intent: Allow a single entity to span multiple domains without coupling the
domains to each other.

A single entity spans multiple domains. To keep the domains isolated the code
for each is placed in its own component class. The entity is reduced to a simple
container of components.

### Putting in the Time
This is the most important thing that I can do. Sacrifice options and do what
I think is logical. Put my time into doing what I think is logical. The more
Time I can put into doing those things, the more I will propell those things forward.

So its quiet simple...just put in the time...the good outcome i desire will eventually
happen.
