## Some kind of day is happening
Yesterday finished off pretty well

Today I am both things. Eager and stumped. I kind of just want to play after a
very intese hard day. But I didn't even really get good rest.

## Staying up when tired
I stayed up from 12 am to 2 am when I really should have just went to bed.
I watched youtube videos. Ate junk food and tired to make the day extend.
I texted and drew pictures to Amalia but I was kind of frustrated.
I I I I I kind of just burnt up that time doing mostly useless behavioir.
I was pretty hungry so I ate lots of chips and crackers and hamas. Humus.

## whats the heck
I had some dreams. In the most vivid last dream I was playing next to to a
homey house and I saw beattles and even one really elongated scorpian / crab
like beattle insect. It was like 10x longer in height than its width. Pretty
neat. But it got squished eventually by some kind of large sheet of cardboard.

## Anyways
## Anywayss
I wokeup after about 7 hours of sleep. I feelt kind of relentless and didnt
want to get up. I got a lot to do today and I I I I [want][1] to spend some of that
time playing. But I know I really should spend most of it on work. That was
the plan.

## I should get better at my markdown

## A bunch of my links here
Inline Linke
[Buuts](www.butts.com)
Reference style link
[1]: https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#links

## And now its 10 am
So far I have woke up tidi



## Dorkbot
8:30pm - 11pm

It might be a great idea for me to familiarize myself with i2c on arduino and teensy
(i2c databus tutorial)[http://tronixstuff.com/2010/10/20/tutorial-arduino-and-the-i2c-bus/]
