# A day 8-12-18
Talked with DAD 3hr
PingPong with Dad 1hr
Movie with DAD 2hr
Drove Car 1.5 Hr
Played Music With John 30m
Played Music To John 45m
Programmed RollerBall n Langtons Ant 30Min.
Felt a little anxious, and a little frustrated. Mood 7.5/10

Lots of Stuff Happens all the time. and I just ignore it and forget about it
Now I am to spend more time writing.

Today I felt like I was going to do something productive and I drove to walmart
to get my tires replaced. But the auto center was closed do to not enough staff
coming in to work. Bummer. I should have called.

So instead I spent the day with my dad. From around Noon to 9pm. We talked
and ate some tasty food he made. Buckweat with fish. The sauce was made from
salsa with some mayo and onion and maybe ketchup. He is so cool. hehe.
Then we played pingpong for an hour and then he shared videos with me.

Dad showed me videos about russian news. Positive videos about how good russia
is doing with making factories and scientific discoveries and even takling
terrorist activities. Then we got into talking about movies and he showed me
an episode of a Chinese TV Series A Highschool Girl's Bodygaurd. It was dubbed
in russian of course.

I showed him The Host 2006 and he didn't really like it. We than talked more
and watched Dr. Strange, which was very good actually. It was really pretty
and is the second example of really good quality fractals used in film.
Anihilation being the last film with fractals I remember.

I got home and hungout with john and drew a little bit then I played music with
john and finished off by playing him some neat ambient and beats on Gadget iOS.
He really liked it and even dozed off to sleep a little.

I got a big day tomorrow But I am still up experiencing some fundamentals of my
future like. I am building home and confidence in myself. Watching my own
Langton's Ant simulation again and writing in this journal. Its 12:25 am. I gotta
get up at 7:30am.

I weighed myself and I'm 149lbs. :O

I want to touch some of my games I was working on and maybe program a tiny bit.
Then go to sleepeeeepp. I felt a bit of magic when watching Dr.Strange. Like I
wanted to do more ritualistic things. One of them is to Create and Use Trinkets.
Another to play music for my friends and others. Music that is coming from my
robotic machinistic heart. Is there a soul in there? I dunno but There is
definetly music in there sometimes.

I did about 30min of coding today. Omg about time... god I have taken too long
of a break. I worked a little bit on my RollerBall Game. And I touched Langtons
Ant a little. And Downloaded SpaceBoy. Woohoo? Alos its 1:10am I need sleep
... I played about an hour of music with John and a bit solo. Good day Over all.
