# Something for Nothing
## 9-7-18 Journal

### Things I have learned at xoxo18 day 1.5
I am reminded that the best motivations come from building things for others
seeing their joy in my work. It does have to be work I am interested in.


I am reminded of what I need to do to get myself into the creative blaze.
Why have i dropped out? Its because I have been focusing on self preservation
A deficit in money in combination to things breaking and the aging of my body
has put me in a funk. But now things are on the up swing again. I am able
to not be terrified about my living situation do getting some work for OMSI.
Thats great. But now I am feeling the creative null pressures building up.
I want to do more creative exercises and attempt to stay busy more often.
I need to have my tools (Computer) (iphone) (planning the year) organized
and in use.

########### Things todo-0d
#### Sometime - probably never - but actually now -- soon
Pico-8 - Game
PD - Reorganization
Processing - Sketch again
Meditate
Fish and Mine for photos - Glitch Panoramas
Repair something -----
Create a backup plan for files

I need to give myself good breaks and treat my human well. I only get one.
Right now I am at GroundKontrol playing on my pc. 1:45pm durring the Video
Game meetup. GroundKnotrol had some really amazing LED lighting setup.
A 2d screen of squares about 1.5 inches that light up great patterns. Some
snake like some like old games some used sprites. Like Donkey Kong, Mario Kart
and Galaga ship flying through a star field.

The day went verrry well.
I got to hangout with Nick Casey, Margerate with a cool japanese shirt.
I said hi to people. Gave a hug to Yuri amd say Sandra finally. A lot of nice
things and feelings. Surprisingly I felt very connect to them all. I saw Hagen
and gave him a hug. He got a job at Adobe.

I got reminded by Talks that I need to share my work inprogress so that I can
feel good about it and inspire others to try things.

I saw a little animation and then some Arcade and then some Art and Code.
